README.md, before:

# [Firefox Extensions](https://github.com/muaz-khan/Firefox-Extensions)

> Enable screen capturing in Firefox for both localhost/127.0.0.1 and `https://www.webrtc-experiment.com` pages.

## Install from Firefox Addons Store

* [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/enable-screen-capturing/](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/enable-screen-capturing/)

## Simplest Demo

Try this demo after installing above addon:

* [https://www.webrtc-experiment.com/getScreenId/](https://www.webrtc-experiment.com/getScreenId/)

## Wanna Deploy it Yourself?

1. Open [`index.js`](https://github.com/muaz-khan/Firefox-Extensions/blob/master/enable-screen-capturing/index.js)
2. Go to line 7
3. Replace `arrayOfMyOwnDomains` array with your own list of domains

```javascript
// replace your own domains with below array
var arrayOfMyOwnDomains = ['webrtc-experiment.com', 'www.webrtc-experiment.com', 'localhost', '127.0.0.1'];
```

## How to Deploy?

1) Signup here: 

* https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/users/register

2) Use unique-addon-name here: 

* https://github.com/muaz-khan/Firefox-Extensions/blob/master/enable-screen-capturing/package.json#L3 

3) Add your own domains here: 

* https://github.com/muaz-khan/Firefox-Extensions/blob/master/enable-screen-capturing/index.js#L7

4) Make XPI of the directory.

```
[sudo] npm install jpm --global

jpm run -b nightly 		# test in Firefox Nightly without making the XPI

jpm xpi					# it will create xpi file
```

5) Submit the XPI here: 

* https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/addon/submit/1

Follow all steps. Read them carefully. This is hard/tough step to follow. Select valid browsers. E.g. Firefox 38 to Firefox 45. And submit your addon for "review".

It will take 2-3 hours for a Mozilla guy to review your addon. Then it will be available to public.

## License

[Firefox-Extensions](https://github.com/muaz-khan/Firefox-Extensions) are released under [MIT licence](https://www.webrtc-experiment.com/licence/) . Copyright (c) [Muaz Khan](http://www.MuazKhan.com/).

Commit message:

This repository is discontinued from September 01, 2017.

README.md, after:

# Firefox doesn't need add-ons in order to do screen sharing, since Firefox 52 already. [More info](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Screensharing)

# This repository is discontinued from September 01, 2017.

----

# [Firefox Extensions](https://github.com/muaz-khan/Firefox-Extensions)

> Enable screen capturing in Firefox for both localhost/127.0.0.1 and `https://www.webrtc-experiment.com` pages.

## Install from Firefox Addons Store

* [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/enable-screen-capturing/](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/enable-screen-capturing/)

## Simplest Demo

Try this demo after installing above addon:

* [https://www.webrtc-experiment.com/getScreenId/](https://www.webrtc-experiment.com/getScreenId/)

## Wanna Deploy it Yourself?

1. Open [`index.js`](https://github.com/muaz-khan/Firefox-Extensions/blob/master/enable-screen-capturing/index.js)
2. Go to line 7
3. Replace `arrayOfMyOwnDomains` array with your own list of domains

```javascript
// replace your own domains with below array
var arrayOfMyOwnDomains = ['webrtc-experiment.com', 'www.webrtc-experiment.com', 'localhost', '127.0.0.1'];
```

## How to Deploy?

1) Signup here: 

* https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/users/register

2) Use unique-addon-name here: 

* https://github.com/muaz-khan/Firefox-Extensions/blob/master/enable-screen-capturing/package.json#L3 

3) Add your own domains here: 

* https://github.com/muaz-khan/Firefox-Extensions/blob/master/enable-screen-capturing/index.js#L7

4) Make XPI of the directory.

```
[sudo] npm install jpm --global

jpm run -b nightly 		# test in Firefox Nightly without making the XPI

jpm xpi					# it will create xpi file
```

5) Submit the XPI here: 

* https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/addon/submit/1

Follow all steps. Read them carefully. This is hard/tough step to follow. Select valid browsers. E.g. Firefox 38 to Firefox 45. And submit your addon for "review".

It will take 2-3 hours for a Mozilla guy to review your addon. Then it will be available to public.

## License

[Firefox-Extensions](https://github.com/muaz-khan/Firefox-Extensions) are released under [MIT licence](https://www.webrtc-experiment.com/licence/) . Copyright (c) [Muaz Khan](http://www.MuazKhan.com/).
